README.md, before:

# This is my readme file

# The website has changed significantly from my original wireframe as I aim to fulfil the assessment proposal

# I will use alt text for every image of visual representation for use with screen readers

# I will Use Media Queries to give accessability to all types of devices with any sized screen

# I will use responsive design principles where I can to make the website fully accessible

# for the image of the resturaunt on the home page, I used max-width to allow for the image to resize and not cut off on smaller sized screens. I also did this with the form on the reservations page

# HTTP caching can be used to increase the response times of our site. It occurs when a browser stores local copies of the web resources for faster retrieval the next time the resource is required. This will increase response times as the browser will not need to retrieve the original resource each time and the locally stored cache resource will be must faster to retrieve as it is stored locally. When a resource is fully cached, the browser will choose to not even contact the server, simply use the cached copy. An example of this is the CSS of a website being accessed. the browser will download a copy of the css file and store it and instead of having to access it uniquely each time it will just access the downloaded file instantly.

Commit message:

menu options added, readme updated

README.md, after:

# This is my readme file

# The website has changed significantly from my original wireframe as I aim to fulfil the assessment proposal

# I will use alt text for every image of visual representation for use with screen readers

# I will Use Media Queries to give accessability to all types of devices with any sized screen

# I will use responsive design principles where I can to make the website fully accessible

# for the image of the resturaunt on the home page, I used max-width to allow for the image to resize and not cut off on smaller sized screens. I also did this with the form on the reservations page, the map on the contact page and the calander on the menu page

# HTTP caching can be used to increase the response times of our site. It occurs when a browser stores local copies of the web resources for faster retrieval the next time the resource is required. This will increase response times as the browser will not need to retrieve the original resource each time and the locally stored cache resource will be must faster to retrieve as it is stored locally. When a resource is fully cached, the browser will choose to not even contact the server, simply use the cached copy. An example of this is the CSS of a website being accessed. the browser will download a copy of the css file and store it and instead of having to access it uniquely each time it will just access the downloaded file instantly.

# content delivery networks can also speed up the response time of the site. a content delivery network is made when multiple servers will be used in different locations to distribute the information to the users dependant of where the user is accessing the site from. This allows for users all around the world to access the site from the closest possible location, and will help users have an even experience no matter where they are based in the world.

<a href="about.html">Website</a>
